movie stars have been discovered in many
different places in soda fountains on
Hollywood Boulevard and right on the
sets of the studios but now for the
first time a glamorous new star has been
discovered in the middle of the Atlantic
Ocean
it's flipper the Fabulous dolphin what
kind of a movie is this it's a brand new
entertainment experience like a fresh
ocean breeze it's the story of a dull an
amazing one and a boy who becomes his
friend and it's the story of their
wonderful adventures together
a story of fun times out boating and
skin-diving flipper is also the story of
a stalwart dad and a pretty mom
try to understand son if the Dolphins
come they tear our Nets they eat our
fish they chase the rest away they come
we'll kill even flipper even flipper
flipper too is a story of spectacular
events and excitement of Hurricane sandy
and vivid human drama
a story of kindness and heroism when the
boy saves his friend's life and a drama
of stark terror when flipper turns about
and saves his friend from the killer
sharks
yes flipper is a story with a new kind
of hero you may not understand
everything he says steal your heart
without saying a word
you